[APPSEC-57] Modify rule S5146: Educational content (Commons) (#1132)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S5146/rationale.adoc

Open redirection occurs when an application uses user-controllable data to redirect users to a URL.

> An attacker with malicious intent could manipulate a user to browse into a specially crafted URL, such as ``++https://trusted.com?url=evil.com++``, in order to redirect the victim to his own evil domain.

Author: ```suggestion
An attacker with malicious intent could manipulate a user to browse into a specially crafted URL, such as ``++https://example.com?url=evil.com++``, to redirect the victim to his evil domain.

Tricking users into sending the manipulated HTTP request is usually the main task of exploiting an open redirection. Often, it requires an attacker to build a credible pretext to prevent suspicions from the victim. Attackers commonly use open redirect exploits in mass phishing campaigns.
```

Open redirection occurs when an application uses user-controllable data to redirect users to a URL.

> An attacker with malicious intent could manipulate a user to browse into a specially crafted URL, such as ``++https://example.com?url=evil.com++``, to redirect the victim to his evil domain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An attacker with malicious intent could manipulate a user to browse into a specially crafted URL, such as ``++https://trusted.example.com?url=evil.example.com++``, to redirect the victim to his evil domain.
```

Suggestion from Hendrik. WDYT?
